Didi and Baba.
What about 'em?
I know who killed 'em.
Detectives Macarthur and Patton,
Mr Falconer.
Where you blokes hail from?
You'll need to accompany us
to the station.
Fuck off!
Hold him!
You're the dog
who murdered my grandparents.
Police have identified
the body parts of a man
found in six bags
in the Hastings River at Wauchope.
So this is you
putting it right, is it?
You dump him in a tidal river.
Strike Force Tuno will investigate
the murder of Terry Falconer.
We don't put a time limit
on clearing up murder.
That said, I have every confidence
that Detective Sergeant Jubelin...
It'll take as long as it takes.
Frank O'Rourke?
I know who killed Terry Falconer.
Anthony Perish.
Anthony Perish killed
Terry Falconer.
Who's Anthony Perish?
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru. Support Us and Donate.
What's he doing?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Mr O'Rourke, I asked you
who Anthony Perish is.
Hang on, mate...
Follow me. Come on.
Got somethin' to show ya.
Tell me what's happening, Brownie.
He wants us to follow him.
You better hang back. He's carrying.
And he reckons a bloke called
Anthony Perish killed Falconer.
Come on, ya fags! If I was gonna
shoot ya, I'd have done it by now!
Well, that's a comfort.
You ever heard of an Anthony Perish?
That old couple, uh,
murdered in Leppington,
eight, nine years ago,
weren't they called Perish?
That's right.
A murder that's never been solved.
In you go, quick. Get in.
Hey!
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey. Easy.
It's alright. Yeah?
Yeah?
Now, take a look at this.
Is that Perish?
That's Muzz, his driver.
Cross between a bad smell and a dog.
Muzz?
That's Anthony Perish.
Rooster and Undies, right?
Now they're the ones
you're after. OK?
Rooster and Undies are...
Rooster's Perish.
Undies is Andrew, his brother.
Why did you assume
we'd know who Perish is?
He's only the biggest speed and
ecky producer in the whole country.
He's worth fuckin'
I don't know how many millions,
killed I dunno how many people.
Right, that's him.
You gotta piss off, hey?
Parked out the front - everyone in
town'll know I've talked to cops.
The car's unmarked.
What about the secret symbols
you put on 'em, hey?
What secret symbols?
Oh, don't treat me like
a fuckin' fool, boy, huh?
I know how you police work.
I've told you what you want to know.
Now, fuck off and leave me alone.
Go on, get.
So, these victims
had a grandson named Anthony?
Terry Falconer's name came up in the
investigation, but so did 20 others.
Coroner's finding
was 'persons unknown'.
So, this Perish might have had
motive to murder Falconer,
but the hit was expensive,
it was elaborate.
I mean, do we know
he had the clout to do that?
Uh, last COPS entry was 1992.
Perish was a minor target in
a drug operation that went tits-up.
The undercover cops were supposed to
arrest him with 900 grams of amphets
but he, uh... he bolted.
Whereabouts unknown ever since.
And what about priors?
Yeah, uh, 1990, offensive language.
Fined 200 bucks.
History of violence?
Nuh.
Outstanding warrants?
Just that single drug one.
That's it?
So, Anthony Perish
is a foul-mouthed petty crim
who hasn't been seen or heard of
in over 10 years?
Great - doesn't really
sound like the profile
of a calculating killer, does it?
So, mate. Been thinking about
that 100 G you owe me.
I thought we were all clear on that.
Oh, I think we both know
you got a way to go to work it off.
Yeah?
What's the job?
I need you to look after a bloke
that's being a bit of a problem.
Took delivery
but never made payment.
Funny how some people
get with debts.
Gary Mack.
Part-time dealer,
full-time shit-bag.
Teach him a lesson
for say, uh, 15 grand.
Plus, you'll knock
the same off your loan.
How serious you want this lesson?
Well, I want me money back.
The target area's
the greater gluteus maximus.
Projectile from a .22
will penetrate the flesh
without causing loss of life.
So, it's not a hit?
Just a cap in his arse.
Hope it won't turn out like
the last job we did for this bloke.
Damn it, Vito, I told you
that wasn't my fault.
Oh, no, I know man, I know.
I was just sayin'.
I should just tell Rooster
to take a flying leap.
The guy's got credibility, mate.
Fucking with him is gonna
get you serious repercussions.
Whoo!
The bullet,
so carefully aimed at
just teaching Gary Mack a lesson,
missed his buttocks altogether
and severed his spine.
Pretty serious lesson.
Decker felt he was
out of Anthony Perish's debt,
out from under his thumb.
He was wrong.
Tuno?
We're making progress.
We'd, uh, make it a lot quicker if
we had our own designated analyst.
Gary, everyone wants more personnel.
The whole of State Crime's
underfunded.
If there's one thing the pollies
love, though, it's law and order.
You want a budget increase,
get the Minister some arrests
for show and tell in Parliament.
Yeah, well, thanks
for the suggestion, Howard,
but Tuno's got
200 persons identified.
It's a little hard to achieve
results with four investigators.
Well, the Falconer case was pegged
as a tricky one from the word go.
Could be time to put it to bed.
Really? And do what?
Right, what do we do -
we just let a crook
who impersonated a police officer
and then dismembered a body
just get away with it?
A single extra staff member
can make an enormous difference
on an investigation, sir.
The Falconer murder, it received
a lot of media attention.
Thanks for that.
Yeah, you get 2 out of 10
for diplomacy.
Got my analyst, didn't I?
You didn't detect
the scent of burning bridges?
I smell something nice.
So, I've been to the jail
where O'Rourke did his time.
Had a chat to
the prison guards about him.
Lee, hey?
This is the guy you need to
work up a profile on, alright?
Him and Perish.
Whoa.
Bit of work to catch up on, eh?
O'Rourke had been inside
for about six months
when he was bashed
in the exercise yard.
Three blokes
kicked the crap out of him,
with a little help from... this.
Was it payback? A lesson?
Guards weren't sure
but they said CCTV footage
clearly showed him seeing
his attackers waiting for him,
and going out and facing 'em down.
What - he knew
he was gonna get bashed?
What - he knew he was
gonna get bashed...
but he didn't report it,
didn't go for help,
didn't get any back-up, he just
walked out and got bashed?
He's a seriously hard guy.
Seriously deranged, more like it.
And this is your informant?
G'day, mate. It's O'Rourke.
Change of plan.
Park near the local shops, 10pm.
Mate, the arrangement
was your place this arvo.
You know who could be
watching me house, right?
You're not there,
you can go fuck yourself, alright?
Get in.
Go on, get in.
Jesus Christ.
You the boss man, are ya?
Appreciate you taking the time
to talk to us, Mr O'Rourke.
Hey.
Darling, are you, uh... you OK?
You working late tonight?
Yeah, no, I'm fine.
I'm just, uh, working late.
Yeah, I love you too. Bye.
OK.
- The missus.
- Ha!
She checkin' up on ya, huh?
You wanna watch that, eh?
Eh?
You wanna tell us
how you know Anthony Perish?
Through the Iron Bloods.
His brother's a member.
So was I, once.
For me sins.
I hadn't seen him for a while.
Then a few months ago,
Undies came around.
And it's Perish all over, see?
Makes out he's trying to
do you a favour.
But really, he's getting you
in his debt, huh?
And, so, you never accepted
any of the money?
Course I fuckin' did!
I say, "No thanks," they'll think
I'm against 'em, right?
Anyway, Undies picked me up,
and, uh, we met Rooster
at some restaurant.
What restaurant?
Dunno.
What suburb?
I think they said
it was Newtown, you know?
Well, Undies tells me that
the, uh, Bloods gave you a boat.
Yeah, they did. But it's fucked.
Well, what's wrong with it?
Lower leg unit's stuffed, eh?
Well, uh, what would it cost
to get it fixed?
A couple of grand at least.
But I got nothin', eh? I'm broke.
Well, if I came up with
a couple of grand,
would you... would you get it fixed?
Sure.
You wouldn't blow it now, would you?
Fuck you.
Fuck you. What's the job?
They told me to take the boat north
to the Karuah River,
near Bulahdelah.
He'd meet me there, dressed like a
fisherman, with a couple of eskies.
Well, um, we got someone
we need to get rid of.
Now it's gonna be in, you know,
probably a couple of eskies.
Well, maybe more than a couple.
In fact, it could be
in a few pieces, eh?
Put 'em in the boat,
head out to the shelf.
And once we got past the shelf,
we throw the contents over.
And he told me to bring something
to wash 'em out with after.
Anyway, we'll take it out
in your boat,
go past the shelf,
dump it, it's all good.
Well, how are you gonna
clean out those eskies?
Ammonia. Fucks DNA.
You can tell there's blood
but not whose.
Speaking of whose... who is it?
Doesn't matter who it is.
It's not you, is it?
Fuck you, mate.
You're a funny fuck, eh?
The fuckin' look on your face!
Fuck you.
It wasn't till we left
that he let it slip.
Hey, uh, you were inside with a
bloke called Terry Falconer, right?
Falconer. Yeah, yeah, yeah,
for a second, yeah.
I heard he told you
he'd killed our grandparents.
Well, fuck it, Rooster.
Don't you think if I'd heard that,
you would have known about it
the next day, huh?
So, you never spoke
about the Leppington murders
with Terry Falconer?
Mate, I met the bloke once,
for five minutes, you know.
Barely even knew him by sight.
Hello.
Honey Bear,
are you coming home, ever?
Yeah, I love you too. Bye.
She'll be askin' you to get
your teeth whitened next. Hey?
Fuckin' hell.
The ball and chain, mate.
You got a ball and chain there, eh?
They sat in that car
for over three hours
as Frank O'Rourke told them stories
about himself
and about this mystery man,
Anthony Perish.
But without corroboration,
that's all they were, stories...
the tales of a man who seemed
as mad as a cut snake.
He was settin' me up, see?
My boat registered in my name.
If someone saw something,
Rooster had my face in the frame.
Or he was just gonna knock me
when we were out at sea, you know?
Chuck me over the shelf too.
Are you right, Frank?
Righto, that's it, right?
We're done. Alright?
Go on, piss off, you two,
and arrest the prick.
Let's go. Get out.
Fuckin' move it. Go. Go.
Babe...
Go back to bed.
You talk to the cops?
Yeah.
I gotta be at the salon by 8:00.
How am I meant to
move this lot back?
Get into fuckin' bed!
Sorry, babe.
I'm sorry. Yeah?
You don't have to do this, you know?
We can just jump in the car,
take off.
Yeah, I know.
I love you, OK? Yeah?
You OK?
Yeah.
Ever wondered why cops
wear big black boots?
These days, not to kick crooks,
but to do the hard yards
checking witness statements.
And the yards that Tuno walked
verifying Frank O'Rourke's story
proved very hard indeed.
So, no-one remembers seeing O'Rourke
eat with these two men last October?
No-one?
Gary, there's close to
300 restaurants in Newtown.
That's not including the cafes.
And we can't even be sure
the dinner was in Newtown.
O'Rourke's not sure himself.
Maybe there never was a dinner.
So, what are we saying?
Perish has nothing to do with this?
O'Rourke killed Falconer himself?
Then why is he talking to us?
Why not just tell us to fuck off,
like every other bikie?
What about Perish's family? I mean,
what do we know about them?
The only one with a criminal record
is brother, Andrew.
Yeah, Andrew Michael Perish.
He was charged with murder
in 1995 but acquitted.
Form for motor vehicle theft,
resist arrest,
dangerous driving,
driving while disqualified.
And he's a patched member
of the Iron Bloods.
It's worth a look, Brownie.
Frank O'Rourke's pointing the finger
at a family that runs
a feed and grain store.
It doesn't add up.
There's bad blood about something
between O'Rourke
and the Iron Bloods.
You remember that crack about being
part of the Bloods for his sins?
Maybe pointing the finger at the
Perishes is some kind of revenge.
Maybe he's just an ex-bikie
who's done a shitload of drugs
so he's paranoid and sees murder
contracts under every rock.
Or he's an attention seeker.
You know, makes up a story,
gets a bunch of cops to listen,
treat him as someone important.
If this is a strategy
to frame Perish,
then Frank's a criminal
fuckin' mastermind.
Let's go back to Frank, eh?
Walk him through it again.
Listen, I was, uh,
hoping we could have another chat.
Actually, I was hoping
you could come in here.
Fuck!
No, I... Frank, no, no.
We'll come to you.
No, it's alright.
Yes, Frank, they'll be totally
unmarked. Absolutely.
And we'll be discreet as mice.
Lunch ended 25 minutes ago, Lee.
Sorry?
Lunch - it ended 25 minutes ago.
So, you had no intention of
dumping Terry's body?
Well, I had to let Rooster
think I was, eh? You know?
How'd you get out of it?
Well, the Monday before Falconer
disappeared, Rooster came round.
I told him the boat
wasn't ready yet,
bullshitted the motor
needed running in
and then Rooster went kinda quiet,
and he said... he said, uh...
Well, the dog's goin'
this Friday, no matter what.
Perish said,
"The dog's going this Friday"?
That's not all he said either.
Yeah, and I'm gonna have
some fun with him first.
Got him on tape, lookin' square
at the camera as he says it.
Now there's no sound, you know?
But get a lip reader
and you see for yourselves, yeah?
Righto, it's just comin' up now.
What the fuck?
Shit!
Pippa! Pippa!
What?
Babe, did you tape over
my security vision?
Babe, that was supposed to
be a surprise.
I told you, these are
very important, yeah?
Didn't think one would matter.
'Course it fuckin' matters! Fuck!
I just... wanted to
make you happy. I...
I didn't know you still had
that outfit, babe.
Still got all me old gear.
Come here, you.
She's a professional dancer,
this one, eh?
Tap, Latin, jazz, swing.
She could toe for her country.
I don't doubt that, Frank.
Ah, well, you know,
you'll still be able to
arrest Rooster without it, eh?
You know?
Oh, man, this Tuno gig's
not much of a job, really. Nah.
I don't know how much longer
I'm staying.
I'll give you a hand
with that. Get in here.
Move!
I have had it with you, alright?
I have given you every opportunity
to succeed in this job
and on every occasion,
you've spat in my face.
On every single time.
I...
Shut up! One, you're late.
Every time I ask you to do
something, it's always a problem.
And every time I see you, you're
eating some sort of fucking cake.
Well, I...
Shut up.
You just said that you don't know
how long you're going to be there.
I'll tell you how long you're gonna
be there. None at all. Fuck off.
Move!
It's Anthony Perish, alright?
He's our number one priority.
I want every bit of detail.
Yes, boss.
And I also expect you to be across
the entire investigation, alright?
All persons of interest, all angles.
Nothing is too small on this.
Yes, boss.
Alright, so, you look for patterns,
you look for connections, all of it.
You are not to assume something's
not important. Understand?
So, I'm doing
mobile phone tower dumps,
document requests, agency sweeps?
When it comes to your budget,
you think of a number,
you halve it and halve it again,
knock off any zeroes.
I do not expect miracles but I am
not gonna tolerate laziness.
You want to stand around,
eating danishes,
this isn't the job for you,
do you understand?
I...don't like danishes, boss.
There's a couple of other things.
You don't need to wear a uniform.
Yes, boss.
And I'm Gary.
Welcome to Tuno.
Alright?
Take that with you.
Half a year on
from Terry Falconer's murder,
Strike Force Tuno
was running on empty.
Round-the-clock surveillance
on Andrew Perish
had turned up nothing.
If Anthony was in contact
with his little brother,
he was way too cunning
to get caught.
Francis Xavier O'Rourke
remained Gary Jubelin's only lead.
Gary couldn't know there was
another man out there
who would one day
answer the big questions
about Rooster and his crimes.
I've got premises all picked out.
Nice little club in the city.
You know, classy.
Your own club.
Your own boss at last, mate.
I've always been
my own boss, Michael.
Oh, yeah?
What does Rooster think about that?
Decker's problem was
he had an inferiority complex,
which made him do dumb things
like trying to prove he was as tough
as his pal, Anthony Perish.
Bad idea.
You're not selling here. Piss off!
Piss off yourself.
I haven't done nothin'.
Like I said, bad idea.
The kid Decker beat up on
happened to be the godson
of the President of the Living Dead
outlaw motorcycle club.
And Jasper Woodworth Pengilly
took his pastoral care
very seriously indeed.
It's not that I can't handle myself.
Just till things settle down.
I don't know, mate.
Pengilly and me do business.
Don't want to piss him off.
And I sure as hell don't want
50 Deadheads
combat-crawling over me front lawn.
I wouldn't compromise a safe house.
No-one will know I'm here.
I can run a covert op.
You know that.
I'd consider it...
You'd be doin' me a big favour.
Yeah, I would, wouldn't I?
What?
I don't know why
you bother with that dickhead.
I know. But he knows his stuff.
He's a cleanskin
and he does what he's told, eh?
Boss?
You finished the Perish profile yet?
Um, not quite. But I thought
this might be important.
It's Frank O'Rourke's
manslaughter case.
It might not be anything,
but it kind of goes to character.
About 15 Iron Bloods,
including O'Rourke, were at a pub
and this guy, Murray,
said something insulting about them,
and a bunch, including O'Rourke,
followed him out and beat him up.
O'Rourke had a tyre iron,
bashed Murray in the head,
then he fled to Darwin.
Typical bikie.
I don't think so.
I looked at the arrest sequence.
We never caught O'Rourke.
That is, we didn't arrest him.
He turned himself in.
I was wondering
when you'd get onto that.
You want to tell us what happened?
Well, I gave him a beating.
Yeah, I admit that.
But so did eight other blokes, eh?
And I wasn't the one who killed him.
But you put your hand up for it.
Yeah. Yeah, I did.
The bloke with the tyre iron, well,
he was the Bloods' main drug cook.
Was makin' them a fortune.
There's no way they were gonna
let that cash register do time.
Eh? Me, I was just the muscle.
Plenty more where I came from.
They promised me
if I kept my mouth shut...
they'd look after me, right?
Best lawyers,
all the usual bullshit.
Well, instead, I end up doin'
seven to nine for manslaughter.
And for thanks, the Bloods
give me a boat
with an engine
that didn't even fuckin' work.
Perish and his brother, they're
associated with the Iron Bloods.
Is getting back at them
your way of nailing the club?
Maybe, yeah. A bit.
But it's more about
that poor prick, eh, you know?
He's dead 'cause I was weak.
Joining the club, buying into
the 'band of brothers' crap.
Now, I tried to turn
my life around before, eh?
I even spoke to the Gang Squad,
tried to give 'em some info.
You know what?
They weren't interested.
For me trouble, I got a jail bashing
and one less kidney.
Before I knew it, I was
back in the clubhouse anyway.
My old man used to say, "You gotta
do the right thing," you know?
"Even if it hurts.
"The more it hurts,
the righter it is," he'd say.
I don't wanna go back
to being weak. Never.
Talking to you about Perish and
Falconer, well, that seals me fate.
Yeah?
You know I played
for Queensland?
Is that right?
Under 16s.
I was odds-on for a contract
with the Broncos,
but did the ligaments in my knee.
Undies?
Still... not too late, I suppose.
A few good years
left in me game.
A few good passes left to make...
What the fuck is that?
Someone left us a gift
of a very dead snake.
The Living Deads can't have
found me. I've been extra careful...
You brought them here, to my house.
We can't be sure
the property's been probed.
Thanks to you, Jasper Pengilly
knows where I fucking live!
You made this mess, Decker.
Bloody well fix it.
Jasper Pengilly needs to be
neutralised using maximum force.
Well, I got your back, Decker.
Mate, you know I'm there
for you, any time.
Good man.
First we need to identify
the target's locale.
Use the best time
and place to strike.
Well, the Living Dead's clubhouse
is in a wrecker's yard down south.
So, I just waltz into my enemy's HQ
and say, "Excuse me fellas,"
and pop him?
No... no. I was...
I mean, you could always try JB's.
JB? Fuck it, Michael.
I don't even drink bourbon.
No, JB's Bar and Grill.
It's a pub in Chinatown.
I mean, you could hit...
You could hit Pengilly there.
Why would he be there?
He comes in every Tuesday.
How do you know?
I work that door shift.
I know what Pengilly looks like.
Jasper Pengilly
comes to a grill joint
in Chinatown every Tuesday?
Has a royal rump and chips.
Decker strikes again.
I thought we could use
a photo of Perish.
It's from 15 years ago,
but it's something.
And I've finished his profile.
This is it?
This is all you've managed to dig up
on our major person of interest?
Well, yes.
Um, you see, Anthony Perish hasn't
ever had an account with Telstra
or any of the private
phone companies.
He's not registered
with the Housing Commission,
Medicare or any private health fund.
No super fund has any record of him.
He's got no outstanding fines,
no traffic infringements
but then the Motor Registry has no
record of him renewing his licence
since he got it at 17.
He's never applied for a loan or
a lease, he's never donated blood,
he's never applied for
a business name or an ABN,
he's not on the electoral roll,
got no tax file number,
no credit history.
I've never seen anything like it.
And, so, what's your opinion on him?
It's, uh... it's not really
my place to give one, boss...
Gary.
You don't have to call him
"Boss Gary".
"The Masterchief" will do.
My opinion is that only someone
with serious badness to hide
would go to this much effort
to cover their tracks.
That's good work, Camille.
You know, Camille, however high
Gary's standards are for us,
he sets 'em 10 times higher
for himself.
But he said I'd done good work.
No-one's praised anything I've done
since primary school.
So, this Anthony Perish
is your prime suspect
in the Falconer murder?
Well, practically everything
our informant tells us checks out.
Except the restaurant -
the one place
you might get
independent confirmation
that Perish was involved in a
conspiracy to murder, you can't...
There was... there was a conspiracy.
There was a conspiracy.
Our informant's got him on tape.
Where's your evidence?
Well, the fact that we can find
so little on him
is suspicious in itself.
Mate, are you sure
this informant of yours
isn't just leading you by the nose?
He's not a bad suspect
for Falconer himself.
Howard, I've been running fizzes
for 20 years and I am telling you...
this guy is as sound
and as reliable as they get.
Gary Jubelin.
There's a helicopter
circling me house.
What do you mean a helicopter?
Is it yours, huh?
Sent your buddies to scope me, huh?
We didn't do that, Frank.
Don't be stupid...
Well, who is it, then?
You dropped me in it, didn't ya, eh?
You told Perish I was doggin' him.
Gets any closer, I'm gonna
fuckin' shoot it down!
I'm gonna have to go. I'm sorry.
I need to know. Is it one of ours?
Uh, not according to POLAIR.
And we checked with the hospitals
and the TV networks.
None of them have sent a chopper
out that way.
I've gotta go. It's him.
Gary Jubelin.
It's gone, right?
Well, where'd it go?
It took off to the west.
Well, that's a good thing, Frank.
It was probably just some rich prick
showing off his new toy.
It was square lapping me house,
Gary, alright?
You identify this
or I'm out of it, OK?
Hey.
Apparently today was a bit of a
challenge, even by your standards.
Thanks.
Here you go.
Want to come in and have one?
OK.
So, as if the crooks and informants
don't make it hard enough,
now I've got upstairs accusing me
of chasing rabbits down holes.
Enough to give you the shits.
Well, you said
we have a lot in common.
I'm really glad
you decided to come by.
Oh, you remember what I drink.
I remember every word you say.
Listen, Pam.
I'm really glad you're here.
And I really wanna be with you.
I do.
But I need you to know I am not
the easiest person to be with.
You're not the easiest person?
No.
What, just 'cause your own team
call you 'Crazy Fuck'?
Crazy Fuck?
Mm-hm.
Is that right?
Yeah.
I'm prepared to give it a burl.
But Gary knew the bosses weren't
going to give him any more staff.
He needed to look elsewhere
for inspiration.
Hey.
Thanks for coming, mate.
No worries.
Cheers.
So, I was, uh, thinking
you might be able to help us
create a bit of a...
a bit of a vibe.
A vibe that Tuno's a bigger unit
than what we really are.
How big do you want this 'vibe'?
Yeah, big enough
so that these pricks
think we're about to
kick their door down.
Thought of applying for a reward?
Tuno's not exactly the flavour
of the month at the moment, so...
You know, posting a reward
is great media, Gary.
But a recent photofit
of the suspect in the paper
makes it look like
someone's been talking.
It rattles cages.
I might be able to
help you with that.
Strike Force Tuno has recently
uncovered new information.
We'd like to talk to these men
in relation to the death
of Terry Falconer.
We're asking for the public's help
to help us identify these men.
And a $100,000 reward
has been posted
for any information
that leads to a conviction.
Every police officer in this state
is affronted by being impersonated
in a kidnapping and a murder.
The officers you see before you
are just the tip of the iceberg.
So, make no mistake.
Strike Force Tuno
is as committed as ever
to bringing Mr Falconer's
murderers to justice.
Seen this?
Jesus.
Who's been talking?
Not me.
Someone has.
Doesn't matter.
Cops are a bunch of fuckin' jokes.
I'm gonna find out who dogged me
and I'm gonna kill 'em.
Want some cereal?
Yeah, cheers.
They have a name,
they have a face...
You want me to wear a wire?
Against Anthony Perish?
It's the right thing to do -
you know it.
As they get one step closer...
Hello?
Sergeant Jubelin?
We've identified the number -
Anthony Perish's mobile number?
..Anthony Perish is still.
It's a warning.
You're scaring me.
Some guy called Frank
says his life's in danger.
I'm not afraid of you!
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru. Support Us and Donate.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org